Welcome back.
It's time for us to do something more useful and what I want to do is actually combine PDX so I have
this dummy.
And then I also have this two page PDA and maybe we have a scenario where we want to combine PD FS to
form just one super PDA how can we do that.
Well let's create a python program.
What I want to do is I want to be able to call Python 3 PD F and then give it some arguments maybe to
be able to say dummy dot PD F and then combining it with two page dot PD f and you know what let's combine
tilt dot PD F as well and we can just keep adding and adding and adding different PD FS and combining
them.
Wouldn't that be cool.
Well let's do that.
The first thing I'm going to do is import the CIS module so that we can get the arguments.
So I'm going to say inputs is going to equal CIS dot arc the and I'm going to do a little trick here.
I'm going to say 1 and then call and remember this is going to grab all the arguments besides the first
one which is our python file but it's going to grab all of these into a list called inputs so we can
include as many PDX as we want from here.
Let's create a function just to have our code be clean so I'm going to remove this and call a function
PD f combining this PD off combined is going to take a PDA off the list which is going to be our inputs.
And what should we do here.
The first thing I want to do is just make sure my code works.
So I'm going to do a for loop and say PD F in PD F list and we're just going to print the PD F so again
just to test our code.
Let's see if this works.
I'm going to run this code well and we have to call our function.
So it's a PDA f combined air and just give it the inputs so I'm going to run this.
And there we go our three PD Fs.
That's great.
But we want to actually combine these so the way to do this is we actually have a merger object with
P Y PD F.
So this merger object we can say P Y PD f dot PD f file merger so that gives us a merger object and
the cool thing is that this is gonna be really simple.
All we have to do here is within our loop say merger dot append
so this just tells us hey merge everything into this merger object the PDL said we're going to loop
through and at the end of the loop this merger is going to have all of these three PBS and all we need
to do is say merger dot right and just write the new PD F as well let's call it Super dot PD F so let's
see if this works I'm going to run.
And did you see that we now have a super PDA.
If I open this
all right we have the dummy PDA F and we see over here we have four pages we have dummy PDA f we have
the simple PDA file that has two pages and we have our rotated dummy PDA file.
How cool is that and notice here that we didn't have to even do the with open as file and then actually
write we can just use the merger data right method to write our file.
So we have a PDA of combining if we're working on a book for example and maybe we have different people
working on different chapters I can just run it through this function now and combine my entire PDA
off into one very very cool or at least I think it's cool.
I hope you find this interesting as well.
But you know what.
Let's go even higher in the next video.
I want to do something that's actually I think quite useful.
So let's take a break and I'll see you in the next one.